# YanShee-Raspi-SDK


### Overiew of the YanShee-Raspi-SDK(YanShee-SDK)

The Yanshee-sdk provides arm-linux based c and python library that allows developers to control YanShee robot


### Hardware
 
1. Yanshee robot(Ex. Raspberry Pi 3 Main board)
2. Monitor
3. Output cable (Ex. HDMI-DVI/HDMI-VGA/HDMI-HDMI)
4. USB cable/wireless(Recommond)  mouse
5. Stick sensors(Ex. infrared sensor) 


### Software

1. Ex. NOOBS developing system
[Go to official website] (https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/noobs/) 


### Get started


1. Prepare your workspace and download the SDK <br>
We recommend running these commands from the home directory (~/) or Desktop; however, you can run the script anywhere.

```bash
sudo apt-get -y install doxygen swig
git clone https://github.com/UBTEDU/yanshee-raspi-sdk.git
```


2. Compile the files <br>
After compile the SDK, the doc, libs and python example are installed to "output" directory.
This guide presumes that the SDK is in {YANSHEE_SDK}, which we will presume is your home directory. If you choose to use different folder names, please update the commands throughout this guide accoringly:


```bash
export YANSHEE_SDK=/home/pi/yanshee-raspi-sdk
cd $YANSHEE_SDK
make
```


3. Set up dynamic library path <br>
Please make sure your application can find these LIBs.


```bash
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$YANSHEE_SDK/output/libs/:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
```


4. Get the example <br>
Find the demonstration python scripts in folder "$YANSHEE_SDK/output/python/example"


```bash
cd $YANSHEE_SDK/output/python/example
```


5. Execute and learn the example <br>

```bash
cp ubtGetSWVersion.py $YANSHEE_SDK/output/python
cd $YANSHEE_SDK/output/python
python ubtGetSWVersion.py
```

 PS: MAKE SURE THE PYTHON SCRIPTS AND "RobotApi.py";"_RobotApi.so".  ARE IN SAME FOLDER! 


6. Build your own project <br>
Befor you build your own project, you can find the SDK APIs in the below directory. After you enter the doc directory, please use your web browser to open "index.html". The documentation is generated by doxygen.

```bash
cd $YANSHEE_SDK/output/doc/
```
